----------------------------------------------------------------------------
secured WebGine
net-based application engine
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(C) direct Netware Group - All rights reserved
http://www.direct-netware.de/redirect.php?swg

This work is distributed under the W3C (R) Software License, but without any
warranty; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.direct-netware.de/redirect.php?licenses;w3c
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following license agreement is valid for all files and subdirectories of
sWG_core (git)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

W3C(R) SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231

This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the
following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the
licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the
following terms and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee
or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL
copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including
modifications:

   1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
      redistributed or derivative work.
   2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms
      and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be
      included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body
      of any redistributed or derivative code.
   3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the
      date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location
      from which the code is derived.)

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising
or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior
permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated
documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------